# Version X.X.X (only via git install)

**Functionality**

- **overall**:
  - all functions have been aligned to the `lower_case_with_undersocres` format.
  - all classes have been aligned to the `CapitalizedWords` format.
- **dataloading module**:
    - EEGDataset can preload the entire dataset.
    - Fixed bugs (get_eeg_partition_number returns float values with some input args)
- **models module**:
    - custom layers were moved in a new models.layer submodule
    - encoders were moved in a new models.encoders submodule
    - layer constraints now include MaxNorm, MinMaxNorm, UnitNorm, with axis
      selection like in Keras.
    - added Conv1d layer with norm constraint and causal padding.
    - added FBCNet (encoder + full model) and ATCNet (full model only).
- **ssl module**:
    - The module was divided in ssl.base and ssl.contrastive.
    - SSLBase class now includes two methods used to perform args check for fit and
      test methods.
    - EarlyStopping now accepts a custom device to use during best weights recording

**Documentation**
* sphinx automodapi was removed from the dependencies and switched directly to sphinx
  autosummary. This solved several issues and improves overall compatibility
  (sphinx automodapi will be maintained only for the developers internal projects)
* All files generated by autosummary were removed and the api folder is included in
  the gitignore
* Documentation notebooks have been fixed to the new naming format

**Maintenance**
* fixed typos on model module unittest.
* Added new tests for novel functionalities.


# Version 0.1.1 (latest)

This release includes all the revisions made during the Journal of Open Source
Software (JOSS) peer-review.

**Functionality**

* fixed import problem for python<3.11 due to wrong syntax in the dataloading module.
* fixed small bugs in the dataloading module.

**Maintenance**

* Added more workflows
* Included (and run) a basic set of pre-commit hooks.

**Documentation**

* Added a tutorial with the EEGMMI dataset.


# Version 0.1.0

First release of selfEEG.
